1. Come,
thou
fount
of
ev’ry
blessing,
tune
my
heart
to
sing
thy
grace.
Streams
of
mercy,
never
ceasing,
call
for
songs
of
loudest
praise.
Teach
me
some
melodious
sonnet
sung
by
flaming
tongues
above.
Praise
the
mount,
I’m
fixed
upon
it,
mount
of
thy
redeeming
love.
2. Here
I
raise
my
Ebenezer,
hither
by
thy
help
I’m
come;
And
I
hope,
by
thy
good
pleasure,
safely
to
arrive
at
home.
Jesus
sought
me
when
a
stranger
Wand’ring
from
the
fold
of
God.
He,
to
rescue
me
from
danger
interposed
His
precious
blood.
3. Oh
to
grace,
how
great
a
debtor
daily
I’m
constrained
to
be.
Let
thy
goodness
like
a
fetter,
bind
my
wand’ring
heart
to
thee.
Prone
to
wander,
Lord,
I
feel
it;
prone
to
leave
the
God
I
love;
Here’s
my
heart,
O
take
and
seal
it,
it
for
thy
courts
above.
Seal
it
for
thy
courts
above.
Here’s
my
heart,
O
take
and
seal
it,
it
for
thy
courts
above.